Everything was in vain. Everything.
LUNATIC: Trying to live,
all the fighting...
It's all just worthless.
We promised to protect the human race.
This is what happened as a result.
Do you have anything to say to them?
No, nothing.
I'm going to kill you.
(laughs)
I... I won't give up.
(grunts)
(giggles)
(Lunatic humming)
Huh?
Here we are.
(whimpers)
I'll kill you! I'll kill you all!
I will destroy everything
and... and self-destruct.
They both endured torture well,
but broke down at their limits.
Too bad you didn't arrive
in time, Empress.
(gasps)
("ASEED" by ZAQ playing)
-(grunts)
-(weapon fires)
That takes care of it.
We need to go back right away.
Some of the enemies intruded
into the Light House, I hear.
Heat source detected 10,000 meters above.
(action music)
LUNATIC: Ka-boom!
(zaps)
(explosion)
STRENGTH: What the hell was that?
It blew a mountain to bits!
Similar to a satellite weapon.
The only one in the machine army
who could use that...
LUNATIC: Is, of course, me.
It couldn't be anyone but Lunatic.
STRENGTH: Come down here, so I can crush
that phallic symbol you're so proud of.
Wow, so enthusiastic.
But you know, it looks like
you took quite a lot of damage.
Tch.
Just as I always thought,
Hemiteos Units are no big deal.
There's no data to get from you, anyway,
so I'm bored with you girls.
What?
Hey, you can't run away.
Run away? I never thought I was fighting
with you in the first place.
Smiley, get them.
Roger.
(blasting)
-(buzzing)
-(shrieks)
(explosion)
(gasps)
(whimpers)
Stop. Don't move anymore.
Don't get in the way.
I'm gonna become a perfect Hemiteos Unit.
EMPRESS: You shouldn't fight anymore.
Your body can't take it.
Huh? Shut up!
What's the difference between you and me?
There are a lot of differences.
You have a family waiting for you at home.
I don't have that.
It's something very dear to you.
No, my dad and mom are both dead.
The only one protecting me is...
You should get some sleep now.
I promise. We will protect you.
Creating Pseudo Hemiteos Units failed,
but has led me to the real thing.
You must hear it too, the whisper
of my genes telling me to reproduce.
Oh, jeez, he wants to have sex with us,
that macho pervert.
Gross. Totally gross.
Never. I'd kill myself by biting
my tongue or blowing up.
You should be happy.
Every maiden I went to bed with
ascended to heaven
in the greatest ecstasy of their lives.
More like they suddenly dropped dead!
(blasts)
(vehicles approaching)
Desertion in the face of the enemy.
I pity those soldiers with no education
and no courage.
(action music)
(yells)
(thuds)
(scoffs)
STRENGTH: Why is he so freaking flexible?
DEAD MASTER: He's undergone modification.
Our weapons are useless now.
Strength! In front!
-(tires screech)
-(Strength grunts)
DEAD MASTER: I guess we're cornered.
STRENGTH: Well, at least
we bought some time.
(groaning)
Where's Charlotte?
MONICA: She's okay.
She's already in the Recalibration Pod.
(grunts)
Is it functional? The pod.
Yes, the issue with the battery
has been resolved.
Empress's internal power generation
greatly improved as she grew.
We channeled the power for my Coil Gun
into the Recalibration Pod.
Is it capable of restoring her?
EMPRESS: It will disarm her,
but it's not clear
if it can deprogram her brain.
That doesn't matter. Do it.
I'll take care of the rest.
All right. Monica?
Aye, aye, sir!
So, is what you are now
what we have been searching for all along?
Humankind's secret weapon,
Black Rock Shooter Empress?
I don't know if I'm the secret weapon.
All I know is what I should do now.
Protect all of you here.
Mm.
(ominous music)
You never learn, do you?
No more violence.
LUNATIC: This same thing happened before,
although you probably don't remember.
I'm the one who wrecked your memories.
(whimpers)
So you don't remember exactly
what was done to you.
How ironic.
All Empress did was for nothing.
DEAD MASTER: What do you mean?
(grunts)
Well, Lunatic is too important for you.
I'm leaving now. Bye!
Two Hemiteos Units.
I shall give your lives
to the Moon Goddess.
SMILEY: My dear Maker,
I am the strongest being on the planet,
but I am alone.
In Paradise Lost, Adam has a partner.
Even Satan has his fellow devils.
But I don't have anybody.
Why don't you try screwing every girl
on earth until one of them conceives?
(gasps)
If that doesn't work,
just make a bride on your own.
(amused gasp)
SMILEY: I see.
Understood.
(zooming)
(gunshot)
(action music)
(Black Trike shrieks)
Thanks. You saved me.
BLACK TRIKE: Don't mention it.
You've grown
since the last time I saw you.
I'm having a growth spurt.
I'm sorry to bring you bad news
when you've just finished a battle.
Dead Master and Strength
have been captured by Smiley.
Oh, no. Where?
They're being held at the enemy's base
in the mountains a kilometer from here.
EMPRESS: That's pretty far.
If we leave here now...
Without a commander,
we'll have no chance
against their superior forces.
I recommend you leave the facility
and order our remaining men to retreat.
EMPRESS: No,
there will be victims either way.
You have to choose.
Otherwise, everyone will die.
Still, I want all of us to survive.
You mean, we might be fine
if there was a commander.
I'm back commanding the frontlines.
You go get Dead Master and Strength back.
What about Charlotte?
COLONEL: The recalibration is done.
I just have to deprogram her somehow.
There's one thing I realized
through this journey.
You Hemiteos Units
are messed up, all of you.
I agree with you.
That's why when you three get together,
you'll surely do something extraordinary.
That might be true.
We're all going to go crush
the Orbital Elevator.
And I mean all of us.
Don't give your friends' lives
to that warm-up act Smiley
and the Institution.
Roger.
Everyone! Fight for your lives. Survive!
Don't let any of those
fanatics through! Got it?
ALL: Yeah!
(grunts)
Poor thing.
(groaning)
(grunting)
(gasps)
I'll educate and enlighten you.
BLACK TRIKE: Scan complete.
Many guard units.
What should we do, Empress?
We don't have time.
I'll use the Overdrive Key.
That's dangerous. I can't recommend it.
I know. I had unrepairable damage
the last time I used it.
Empress, your memory...
Yes, I remember it all now.
EMPRESS: In the last war,
the three of us were defeated by Lunatic.
Well... Huh?
BLACK TRIKE: Overdrive Key gives you
dozens of times
the strength of your normal power.
But one wrong step,
and your cranial nerves will overload
with countercurrent and be fried.
EMPRESS: But if I don't use it now,
I won't be able to rescue them.
Ten seconds.
That's all your body can take.
Empress, although I'm a machine,
I feel that I don't want to lose you.
Okay. I'll do it within ten seconds.
Let's do it. I'll support you
with my best performance.
I'm depending on you.
Get set, Empress. Overdrive Keraunos.
Initiating countdown.
Ten, nine,
eight, seven, six, five, four, three...
(blasting)
(groans)
You finally came.
I'm taking these two with me.
(weapons firing)
(Black Trike yells)
BLACK TRIKE: Sorry, I'm late, Empress.
No, the timing's perfect.
I knew it. You are definitely my bride.
The fact that you came here is proof.
I don't understand how you came up
with that conclusion.
Then you should try harder.
(Monica grunting)
(gasps)
Yikes!
My dad is gone, isn't he?
MONICA: He's alive! He's still alive!
Then I'll kill him.
I'll do it before he kills me.
Okay, I got it. Please call the Colonel.
Oh, Hemiteos Units,
you have chosen the wrong side.
Humans are going extinct
and machines are the ruling species now.
Doing what's right
isn't about picking sides.
It's about choosing your own way.
Nonsense. I pity you for not
understanding evolution and history.
Damn. What's this feeling I'm getting?
I've experienced being rescued
by Empress before.
My head hurts! Go away! Disappear!
I'm going to kill you,
so I can kill myself later!
BLACK TRIKE: Lunatic's mind control
is triggered by your very existence.
Debugging them will cause memory defects.
They may not remember you...
They can forget me,
as long as they don't die or get killed.
Warning. Significant damage
to body and brain functions.
93% error. Supply organic parts
and undergo maintenance immediately.
(thrilling music)
(groans)
EMPRESS: It's okay.
I'll meet them again someday.
No. She didn't run away.
She didn't. Empress didn't abandon us.
Humans turned you orphans
into immortal war machines.
SMILEY: You and I are the same.
Perfect yet alone,
that's why we're attracted to each other.
No.
We have our memories from the past.
Our past experiences
led us to the present.
But not you.
Are you saying there's a difference?
You are obsessed with having a child,
because you want to deny your emptiness.
But it's impossible for someone
who's empty to create anything.
I have an idea. I'll eat you so you become
a part of my body to create my child.
Charlotte! Listen to me carefully.
Drop your weapon.
It's okay now.
My dad is dead.
Schoolmaster Smiley told me so.
No, that man is your father!
COLONEL: You stay quiet!
What?
COLONEL: You're right. I don't deserve
to be called father by you.
The one who protected you was Jessica.
Jessica...
Of course, you remember her.
She was your mother.
CHARLOTTE: My mom tried to kill me!
Jessica would never try to kill you.
You know that, Charlotte.
COLONEL: She was your mother
and you were her daughter.
(Charlotte gasps)
(Charlotte whimpering)
-(rumbling)
-COLONEL: Charlotte.
Huh?
(grunts)
(thuds)
(Empress groans)
I grab and I destroy!
Aren't you dead yet?
Whoa!
I aim and I pierce!
(yelling)
And you penetrate...
STRENGTH AND DEAD MASTER:
Black Rock Shooter!
(action music)
We are not perfect, so we're not alone.
EMPRESS: That's all there is to it.
(zapping)
(Smiley screaming)
(grunts)
I'm gonna kill...
It's all right, Charlotte.
I couldn't protect you or Jessica
when you needed me the most.
But if you're going to kill me,
let me be the last.
COLONEL: Charlotte,
don't kill anyone else.
You don't have to kill anymore.
(grunts)
(soft music)
(gasps)
(wailing)
You're a tough one.
I have the luck of the devil.
People like you tend
to die easily in this world.
Huh?
They're back.
We're both so roughed up,
it's too embarrassing to face my daughter.
It was a deadly battle.
But I was able to rescue them.
I've never been on such
an enjoyable mission.
(laughs)
COLONEL: I never thought you'd make
a joke that could make me laugh.
EMPRESS: You're capable of laughter?
I have a pain in my stomach.
Don't make me laugh.
Just wait and see. We'll beat those damn
scrap iron machines soon.
CHARLOTTE: No cursing.
Mom said no cursing in front of children.
Oh, Charlotte, you...
Good morning, Dad.
("Before the Nightmare"
by Kanako Takatsuki playing)
What's happening?
CORRESPONDENT:
The Iron Ocean is rising rapidly.
Report it to headquarters right away.